doctor you know what I've always wanted
to ask you if you absolutely had to do
you think you could make a turkey
sandwich with your feet oh my god
probably no even in an emergency
situation uh I mean I'd give it a shot I
got big feet and at my age the toes
don't work like they used to and if you
could dunk a baby would you
uh-huh good dunk a baby a real baby yeah
live baby probably have a problem with
that okay what happened to your afro did
you sell it oh man
where is it the type of hair that I have
in a greater hair probably is not a big
seller you know I would love to own your
afro I can always grow it back if we
want to want to make a deal okay one
right now I could deal with a drink to
it absolutely to the afro to the pro